Add new markdown file on using "demo" -- gh-pages action will use this (#1857)
G-Research/armada: docs/demo.md

# Armada Demo

This guide will show you how to take a quick test drive of an Armada
instance already deployed to AWS EKS.

## EKS

> The EKS demo of Armada can be found at this URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Armada UI (lookout) can be found at this URL:
```

# Armada Demo

This guide will show you how to take a quick test drive of an Armada
instance already deployed to AWS EKS.

## EKS

The EKS demo of Armada can be found at these URLs:

> - [API Server](https://armada.demo.armadaproject.io)

Reviewer: I put a comment in another branch but this link gives a 502 error.  I think its correct as we use it for the armadaUrl but the link isn't useful for a browser from my understanding.  We should remove.

Author: removed
